The Joe Rogan experience,
how do you know that you're not going to,
a common thing is when comedians steal jokes.
Cheerio.
So when you're writing and you're like,
yeah,
I'm going to do this as awesome idea.
How do you know that that content already hasn't been,
uh,
been been discussed?
Well,
always.
You don't always,
um,
you could absolutely write something and have parallel thinking,
write something and not even know that someone's already written it.
Right?
But you,
there's a difference between that stealing.
Like,
you know what,
when someone's,
like,
if you come up with,
if you
look at something,
whatever it is,
like,
um,
say maybe you,
your wife sends you to,
uh,
to the grocery store to pick up some tampons,
right?
And it has a,
the price things all fucked up.
And so the guy has yellow price tag tampons.
Tampons.
Yeah.
Right.
There has been like a hundred Christ done bits on that.
And it's not that they're stealing,
they probably didn't hear anybody do it.
They thought it was funny.
They thought it up themselves and they did.
Or maybe it even happen to them.
Right.
They did it.
That's parallel thinking.
It's a common one.
Right?
And then there's other people that did hear someone do it and they stole it.
That's a different thing.
That's the worst.
Right?
But you could get both of those things from that same subject.
Right.
That same,
really common.
Easy to think of subject.
Right.
There's a lot of those with cops and donuts.
There's a lot of,
there's a lot of things that are like a part of the lexicon.
They're like a part of,
they're part of the way we talk.
There are a part of culture and you could think you thought them up,
but you didn't.
It's almost like Seinfeld in a way.
It's like,
Shit,
I should happen to everyone.
Sure.
Right?
Um,
but then there's stuff that's clearly yours.
Like if you did a whole bit about how you built a Tesla,
right?
You know,
and that you think,
and then you got paranoid heavy hitter and you thought Elan Musk is plotting
against you.
You could something to that.
And that would be something that's wholly unique to you.
I mean,
how many fucking people have built a Tesla is,
or even 20 on the earth height.
I at this point,
yeah,
probably maybe 20 let's pretend.
Let's pretend that out of 7 billion plus population of human beings,
maybe 20 people have done what you've done.
But as I get old though you that one bit,
that's okay.
I can't,
but you can the same sauce.
You just talk about other things then,
right?
Like you could talk about anything that you find interesting.
Personal Shit,
technology,
world events,
worrying about the environment.
You know all this.
Anything that I did that whale really have a bomb strapped.
Right?
I keep thinking about that over.
No I not.
Yeah,
I mean,
and then if you,
maybe it was like someone from CNN that fucking hates the Russians,
right?
You know,
like wanting to blame everything on the,
and it's like,
yeah,
they,
they got duped for two years saying that there was collusion and that pastor
Trump was going down.
They colluded with Russia.
And it turns out that the Mueller report doesn't really necessarily say that.
And then they're like,
fuck,
we gotta do something.
I got from these Goddamn Russians yet.
So they hired this whale and they put a strap on and
that allows a good story.
Shit,
I got a bad cough.
So,
so that,
that is,
you write all this stuff down,
right?
You're right.
Like,
you know,
1700 words,
2000 words.
Out of that,
I might get one line really,
maybe.